Here are the specs for an average machine that you could go out and buy today.
There are several numbers to keep in mind,
but let's focus on four key components;
CPU, memory, storage, and network.
Just in case you're unfamiliar with these hardware components,
let's quickly define them.
The CPU is the central processing unit,
it's the brain of your computer.
Every operation in your computer is eventually handled by your CPU.
Memory, sometimes known as main memory or RAM,
is a place to store data before it goes to your CPU.
You can think about it as
your computer scratch paper for helping with more complicated calculations.
Storage, whether on a magnetic disk drive or
solid state drive is where all long-term data is kept.
This is your computer's equivalent to a file cabinet.
Network is the connection to the outside world.
This is how your computer can access anything that it doesn't have in storage.